
A starving Asylum seeker is greeted at Dover by a Good Fairy who grants him 3 wishes! He says "I'm hungry" Pow .. a huge banquet appears! He says "I want a nice house" Pow .. a mansion with a swimming pool appears! "I want to be British!" Pow .. the mansion, the banquet, everything vanishes! He asks "Where's everything gone?" The Fairy says "Your British now mate, entitled to FUCK ALL !"

A starving asylum seeker is greeted at dover by a good fairy who grants him 3 wishes! He says "im hungry" pow .... A huge banquet appears! He says "i want a nice house" pow .... A mansion with a swimming pool appears! "i want to be british!" pow.... The mansion, the banquet, everything vanishes! He asks "where's everything gone?" the fairy says "your british now mate entitled to FUCK ALL !"
 
A starving Asylum seeker is greeted at Dover by a good Fairy who grants him 3 wishes.He says "I'm hungry"...pow...a huge banquet appears! He says ,"iwanta nice house"....pow....a mansion with a swimming pool appears. He then says "I want to be British!!"....pow....the mansion, the banquet, everything vanishes! He asks "where's everything gone?" the fairy says "you're British now mate. You're entitled to FUCK ALL!!"

A straving asylum seeker is greeted at dover by a good fairy who grants him 3 wishes! He says i'm hungry POW a huge banquet appears! He says i want a nice house POW a mansion with a swimming pool appears I want to be british POW the mansion the banquet everything vanishes he asks where's everything gone the fairy says your british now mate entitled to FUCK ALL .

A staving Asylum seeker is greeted at Dover by a Good Fairy who granted him 3 wishes,he says" im hungry" Pow .. a huge feast appears, "i want a nice new house with a swimming pool " Pow a mansion and swimming pool appears "i want to be British" the feast ,mansion pool all vanish he asks "wheres everythings gone ?????"The Fairy said "Your British now mate your not ientitled to F*** All !!!

a starving asylum seeker is granted 3 wishes by a good fairy at Dover. He says im hungry... Pow...a huge banquet appears.....He says i want a house..Pow... a mansion with a swimming pool appears...He then says i want to be british...Pow the food and mansion disappears...He asks where has everything gone. The fairy says your british now your entitled to FUCK ALL!!!!!!

An Asylum seeker family of 5 people can claim, in total, £650 a week in benefits here in the good old UK, yet on the TV adverts we are told if we donate £3 a week it feeds the same family of 5 from where they came from ????..Sort ed then!!!! just give them £3 a week here then, my solution to the economic crisis, will save millions !!!..job in the Goverment yet !!!.lol

A starving somalian asylum seeker arrives in england and is greeted by a Good Fairy who grants him 3 wishes! He says "I'm hungry" Pow .. a huge banquet appears! He says "I want a nice house" Pow .. a mansion with a swimming pool appears! "I want to be British!" Pow .. the mansion, the banquet, everything vanishes! He asks "Where's everything gone?" The Fairy says "Your British now mate, your entitled to FUCK ALL !

A Starving Asylum Seeker Is Greeted At Dover By A Good Fairy Who Grants Him 3 Wishes: "Im Hungry" POW - A Hugh Baget Appears "I Want A Nice House" POW - A Mansion With A Swimming Pool Appears "I Want To Be British" POW - The Mansion, Baget Everything Disapears. He Ask's Where's Everything Gone ? The Fairy Say's "Your British Now Mate Your Entitled To Fuck All"

A starving Asylum seeker is greeted at Dover by a Good Fairy who grants him 3 wishes! He says "I'm hungry" Pow .. a huge banquet appears! He says "I want a nice house" Pow .. a mansion with a swimming pool appears! "I want to be British!" Pow .. the mansion, the banquet, everything vanishes! He asks "Where's everything gone?" The Fairy says "Your British now mate, entitled to FUCK ALL !"

A beautiful fairy appeared one day to an asylum seeker claimant outside the Centrelink Offices.    'My good  man,' the fairy said,  'I've been told by Julia Gillard to grant you three wishes, since you’ve just arrived in  Australia with your wife and seven  children – all costs to be borne by ... The fairy and the Asylum Seeker

A starving asylum seeker is greeted at dover by a god fairy who grants him 3 wishes. "im hungry" *pow* a huge banquet appears! He says "i want a nice house" *pow* a mansion appears! "i want to be british" he says *pow* the banquet, the mansion and everything vanishes! He asks "wheres everything gone?" the fairy says " your british now mate, entitled to fuck all!"

A starving asylum seeker is greeted at dover by a god fairy who grants him 3 wishes. "im hungry" *pow* a huge banquet appears! He says "i want a nice house" *pow* a mansion appears! "i want to be british" he says *pow* the banquet, the mansion and everything vanishes! He asks "wheres everything gone?" the fairy says " your british now mate,ur entitled to fuck all!"

A starving asylum seeker is greeted at dover by a god fairy who grants him 3 wishes. "im hungry" *pow* a huge banquet appears! He says "i want a nice house" *pow* a mansion appears! "i want to be british" he says *pow* the banquet, the mansion and everything vanishes! He asks "wheres everything gone?" the fairy says " your british now mate, entitled to fuck all!"

A starving Asylum seeker is greeted at Dover by a Good Fairy who grants him 3 wishes! He says "I'm hungry" Pow .. a huge banquet appears! He says "I want a nice house" Pow .. a mansion with a swimming pool appears! "I want to be British!" Pow .. the mansion, the banquet, everything vanishes! He asks "Where's everything gone?" The Fairy says "Your British now mate, entitled to FUCK ALL !"
